go ahead what ever way. 2. Also include admin payment UPI is configurable from Admin Home page and saved as payment type or method and details when user ented UPI and saved. Same for Teacher to allow enter to UPI , Card is configurable from Teacher Home page and saved as payment type or method and details. 3. Implement workflow - Once student booked a transaction payment should be credited to Admin UPI. Once class completed and after 24 hrs - same payment should be made from Admin UPI to Teacher payment method. If Student cancel class with in 5 hrs of start of class then class will be cancelled and payment should be credited back from Admin UPI to student oayment method. If Student did not attend or not cancelled before 5 hrs of class start then - payment would be released to techer. Also note that a transaction processing fee of 2% applied to every class booking. If its course, 2% transaction fee on total number of classes amout credited to Admin UPI, which is not refundable even if class dont or not done. Also note that transaction fee is configurable from Admin page and saved to table when transaction fee entered by Admin and saved. 4. Also provide search criteria on Methor booking and course booking page. 5. Ensure Admin page has finance statistics or metrics and analytics updated wtih live data every 15 minutes, that is total amount credited to Admin, number of students paid, Ttoal Amount released to Teachers, Total Amount released back to student due to cancel ontime, Total transaction fee collected, Conflict amount (should not be ideally but should have all information for each amount part of conflict amount). Also we need seperate table for unsetteled finanaces. 6. On help center please have KADB asking user issue and share guidelines as per project and after user reviewed suggested solution, ask user still need to contact and allow user to send email through form. 7. Also on Signup page, display Qualification and Experiene fields are proerly and aligned and decently placed. 8. Ensure debug has more detailed info to easily understand. 9. Ensure "Join Forums", "Share Project', "View Events" has fully completed fuctionality logically. 10. Same for Teacher Resources functions. 11. Same for Acchievement Badges and other footer items.