Yes do All possible unit and system test to make sure its bug free. Before that have dropdown for both fields Highest qualification, Specialization on signup page and add details from first excel. For Subject field have that as dropdown and add details from 2nd exel. In Main Page Heading "Where You Minds Meet Coding Mentors" - replace it "Where You Minds Meet Mentors For CS, IGCSE, IB, AP Subjects". Also Make sure Chat Video for 2 and more participents like 6 for class works without any issues. Reconnect if possible. Number of attendents for Course should be max 4 Members and Number of Participants for Course for Video Calls should be 5. Only 1 Teacher 4 Students. Make sure to Alert teacher to Turn on Video for Sure during call. Identify multiple logins for any user and alert on Calss video and send notification to Admin. Also I need class audio analytics for Teacher home page to Understand if class covered all sorts of discussion parameters like Encouraging Student Involvement Politely, Completely Pleasent ommunication, Avoid personal details or communication on personal things if you think any other parameters teacher can make class excel we can add in Analytics. In Admin page, I need table with all those parameters for each teacher and rank out of 10 and Highlight best rankers in green and also mak those are violating and concern if less than 8 in any to red. Note that each Teacher and Student Home page section is a checkbox to enable and disable from Admin section. Ask if any best logic you think for each specific section and I will validate and approve. Remove Mian page link or Icons in AI Analytics, Payment Coding, Finanace Analytics, Cloud deploy, Simple Test, Full Tests, Debug to Admin Home Page Top section. Change this from "Discover Amazing Coding Mentors" to "Discover Amazing Mentors" and to List below add IGCSE,AS-A-Levels,IB,AP and get mentor details when clicked. When User try to book make sure he loggedin with Valid login id. Make sure Home button in All pages and brower back should expire session (think what is best practice and suggest). When I clicked Become a Mentor its not going to Signup page, check it. Cookie policy in footer what is it vlidate and make sure its implemented properly. Make tasks for all these mentioned and display table after each task completed like what is completed and what is not. On teacher page, Include column country and make sure database field in table is created properly. For those existing rows add value to country column as "NA-Country". Make sure Chat enabled immediately after class booked and remain for 3 months after no classes with specific teacher for 6 months. Video class should be enabled 5 mins before class. Also I need section where Students can see recorded sessions and all sessions recorded should be placed in that section. Teacher wont have that secton, they cant see video recordedings. Admin also cant see that recording easily only with Proper authentication Admin can open that recorded session only in conflicts or Managing any issues. Ideally when I deploy to azure I want that to be placed in a VM. I will give azure VM name where all recordings should be created on that azure VM, make sure may need to update the startup script with that detail. During any Video call Admin cant join any video call. After this do through unit and system testing and make sure Application is bug free.